well here we are at the Excel woodland
for the Olympic final of the men's
weightlifting good crowd on hand as well
China in the US have been two of the
leading lights in men's weightlifting
over the years Russia though since the
breakup of the USSR have also come on
strong winning three goals it's the
first round and this athlete has to
choose what weight they want to come in
on well that's a conservative selection
looks fairly composed here technique not
bad so far looks in complete control
three lights out and that's a perfectly
acceptable attempt crowd like it let's
have a look at the results at the end of
round one so far so good for this
athlete and there's no doubt in my mind
they can improve on that with this next
attempt really has to focus on this
drives through his legs now a results
strong enough to keep this up legs need
to be strong here well contention with
that last lift fifth place for Spain
then after that last round
need to shoot hi with this selection not
the lightest but not certainly the
heaviest bar that this lifter has ever
got above his head needs to be powerful
in this first phase every muscle all
that technique is fantastic
without keep him in touch with the metal
a
and the scoreboard shows as the gold
medal performance
let's check on the replay
a dazzling display from the Spanish
athletes as Spain take goal the
performance deserving in a gold medal
and now the ceremony to celebrate the
achievements of this athlete what a
performance it was the nation now stands
together for the national anthems and
I'm sure the emotion will boil over on
that podium and quite rightly tears of
joy
well what a day is